today was great it was a sunny day rain
held off and it was just you know it was
just good to get back everybody was
eager to get the first day started get
this underway and get towards the game
against El Salvador I thought it went
all right I think all the guys are
coming from different pre-seasons and
different schedules and stuff like that
but I thought overall for first day it
was all right anytime we come in back
into these camps we know it's a step up
from from the club team environment and
that the games faster the levels better
and more intense so um it takes some
adjusting but I think you know me at
least it first and foremost we put in
the right effort today things been
pretty good for the first day you know
training with sharp you know a little
tough sometimes when you're flying from
across the country but I've felt great
to be back out here with the guys and to
be back here in California I think it's
a huge opportunity I think anytime
you're called in the camp whether it's
uh you know January camp or anything
else it means the same you know you're
representing your country you're being
given a chance to to play in front of
the coaches who are essentially picking
the roster for further for the world cup
so every day is a day that you have a
chance to prove yourself and and it all
comes out on game day as well to be able
to showcase your your abilities to play
at the international level yeah I think
it's huge to be able to get another game
you know a lot of times with your club
team you're able to you know when you
lose a game you're able to come back
maybe a couple days later to you know
really get that that bad taste out of
your mouth so this is a little bit
longer than you know club team but yeah
we're all really excited to just kind of
you know get get that Honduras game put
in the past and really move on and
improve from that and just get it start
winning again and you know just feel
that that taste of winning we learned a
lot from that game and that we learned
that leading up to the to the World Cup
every game is important and that
regardless of who were playing against
what team whoever whatever country we
play against puts out we have to come
out strong obviously you know it was a
tough situation playing down a man and
and get giving up a goal a penalty that
early but you know one of the positive
things about this group is that
there's not a lot of excuse makers we
know that it was a tough day for us and
then we have to bounce back strong in
our next match definitely disappointing
result you know the great thing about
soccer's you know you'll have another
game so I know we'll learn from that
game and probably have a little bit more
energy for this next one you know no one
likes likes to lose so definitely learn
from that came and try to you know get a
win you know I get a win in Tampa we
have to bounce back strong you know I
think that we need to talk about a few
things from the last game and learn from
them and continue to develop as players
and more importantly as a team and know
that this next game means means a lot
you know that we have a lot more to
prove now that we we didn't get the
result we wanted against Honduras and
now we have to come out against El
Salvador and and play the way we're
capable of playing and and hopefully
that leads us to a good result you know
last year at this time there was just
the one game against Sweden and then it
wouldn't tell the qualifier so a lot of
guys that uh aren't usually the national
team didn't get a chance to really play
so now we have another game where a lot
of European guys can't come play because
of their clubs and it gives you know
unless guys you know another chance to
show the coaches that you know maybe we
deserve 14 a spot on the team and
whenever you can play international game
I feel like every game I playing it's an
inertial game I learned I learned from
it we just got to be better we've got to
be continued focus i think the the work
work effort is always there and you know
the folk is that's something that we
bring every day i think that's something
that Bob really implanted in this team
you know we feel like that's that's
what's gotten us through you know to
qualify is that type of work in practice
and so if we continue to do that I think
you know we should be okay and be really
prepared for the game against El
Salvador